content/english/about/instructors.md, before:

---
title: "Instructors"
meta_title: "Instructors"
description: "About our flight training instructors"
draft: false
---

# Our Flight Instructors

<div class="container-fluid">
<div class="row row-cols-2 ">
<div class="col-3">
{{< image src="images/Jess.jpg" >}}
</div>
<div class="col-lg-6">
{{< accordion title="Jess Everson - CFII" >}}

{{< notice "note" >}}
- Work: 541-895-5984
- Cell: 541-513-1511
- Email: JessHEverson@gmail.com
{{< /notice >}}
{{< notice "note" >}}

- I took my first airplane ride in a sea plane when I was 8 years old, and from that moment on I was hooked. I earned my private pilot license in 1981, and continued my pilot education by adding instrument ratings and a commercial license. In 1989 I received my flight instructor license and have been enjoying my time in the air ever since.

- Many instructors view teaching as a way to quickly log hours and move on to another type of flying. As an instructor, I already have the job I want. Simply put, I love to teach. For this reason, I believe my students benefit from my thousands of hours spent teaching flying as a career.

- I have taught students as young as 11 and others as old as 80. Everyone has a unique learning style, and it is rewarding to me to match my instructional approach to that style. Whether you are learning to fly for a pleasure, business, or as a career, I will match our program to your goals.
{{< /notice >}}

{{< notice "note" >}}
**Credentials:**
- Certified Flight Instructor (CFI)
- Certified Flight Instructor – Instrument (CFII)
- Private Pilot Certificate
- Commercial Pilot Certificate
- Instrument Rating
- High Performance Endorsement
- Tailwheel Endorsement         
- D License Expert Skydiver, with 2,000+ Jumps
{{< /notice >}}
{{< /accordion >}}
</div>
</div>
<div class="row row-cols-2 ">
<div class="col-3">
{{< image src="images/Larry.jpg" >}}
</div>
<div class="col-lg-6">
{{< accordion title="Larry Church - CFI" >}}

{{< notice "note" >}}
- Work: 541-895-5984
- Cell: 541-514-2719
- Email: ljc02475@gmail.com
{{< /notice >}}
{{< notice "note" >}}
- My love of planes and flying began at age 7 when I would head out to my Grandma's pasture with rubber band-powered balsa airplanes... hoping to not land in the cow pies. From there, my love of planes blossomed and by the time I was 17 I was washing and gassing airplanes at the original McKenzie Flying Service in Springfield, OR (now a Walmart). By age 20, I was a commercial pilot, flight instructor, and about to join the Air Force!

- Over the next several years, during my time in the Air Force, I continued to gain more experience as both a pilot and pilot instructor, flying T-38s in San Antonio, TX and teaching at the Air Force Aero Club in Champs & Cubs in Okinawa, Japan. By age 24, I was co-piloting DC-3s.

- After leaving the Air Force, I continued to fly as a commercial airline pilot, and also served for five years as an instructor (Check Airman) for Continental Airlines on the MD-82. At age 60, after 36 years of airline flying and approximately 29,000 hours, I set the parking brake for the last time on a B-777-200 in Houston, TX, after flying over the Pacific Ocean from Narita airport near Tokyo, Japan. 

- My career as a pilot has been a heck of a ride, but I'm not ready to stop flying yet! As an instructor, I love having fun and sharing my experience and experiences, while emphasizing solid, fundamental airmanship. With a flexible and adaptive schedule I am available for in-flight instruction as well as assistance with ground school academics and test preparation. Come out to the Creswell airport ATA office and take a Discovery Flight with me!

- I have accrued over 29000 hours of flight time and have the following ratings or licenses:
{{< /notice >}}

{{< notice "note" >}}
**Credentials:**
    Certified Flight Instructor (CFI)
    Private Pilot Certificate
    Commercial Pilot Certificate (airplane single-engine land)
    Airline Transport Pilot Certificate (airplane multi-engine land – type B-777 and DC-9)
    Glider Aerotow
    Instrument Rating
    Tailwheel Endorsement*

*I specialize in tailwheel instruction!
{{< /notice >}}
{{< /accordion >}}
</div>
</div>
<div class="row row-cols-2 ">
<div class="col-3">
{{< image src="images/Paul.jpg" >}}
</div>
<div class="col-lg-6">
{{< accordion title="Paul Preziose - CFII, AGI" >}}

{{< notice "note" >}}
- Work: 541-895-5984
- Mobile: 541-912-0318
- Email: PWPreziose@aol.com

{{< /notice >}}
{{< notice "note" >}}
- Flying was something I always wanted to do. In 1992 I decided it was time to fulfill this lifelong dream, so in April of that same year I took my first flight lesson. By September I had received my private pilot license and I haven't looked back since! In 2000 I obtained my flight instructor license and began teaching full time in 2002.

- Learning to fly is an amazing and fun experience, but it takes time, money and a strong commitment to get your pilot license. For me though, every time I takeoff and climb over the Willamette Valley, I am extremely pleased that I made that decision to fly. It has been over 20 years and it is still something I look forward to doing every day.

- I have accrued over 3500 hours of flight time and have the following ratings or licenses:
{{< /notice >}}

{{< notice "note" >}}
**Credentials:**
    Certified Flight Instructor (CFI)
    Certified Flight Instructor – Instrument (CFII)
    Instrument Ground Instructor (IGI)
    Single-engine Sea Plane Private Pilot Certificate   
    Advanced Instrument Ground Instructor Certificate
    Airline Transport Pilot Certificate (airplane single-engine land)
    Instrument Rating
    Multi-engine Commercial Rating       
    Tailwheel Endorsement
{{< /notice >}}
{{< /accordion >}}
</div>
</div>
</div>

Commit message:

update instructors page layout and content

content/english/about/instructors.md, after:

---
layout: instructors
title: "Instructors"
meta_title: "Instructors"
description: "About our flight training instructors"
draft: false
members:
  - description: 'I took my first airplane ride in a sea plane when I was 8 years old, and from that moment on I was hooked. I earned my private pilot license in 1981, and continued my pilot education by adding instrument ratings and a commercial license. In 1989 I received my flight instructor license and have been enjoying my time in the air ever since.<br /><br />
  
  Many instructors view teaching as a way to quickly log hours and move on to another type of flying. As an instructor, I already have the job I want. Simply put, I love to teach. For this reason, I believe my students benefit from my thousands of hours spent teaching flying as a career.<br /><br />
  
  I have taught students as young as 11 and others as old as 80. Everyone has a unique learning style, and it is rewarding to me to match my instructional approach to that style. Whether you are learning to fly for a pleasure, business, or as a career, I will match our program to your goals.'
    image: images/Jess.jpg
    name: Jess Everson
  - description: "My love of planes and flying began at age 7 when I would head out to my Grandma\'s pasture with rubber band-powered balsa airplanes... hoping to not land in the cow pies. From there, my love of planes blossomed and by the time I was 17 I was washing and gassing airplanes at the original McKenzie Flying Service in Springfield, OR (now a Walmart). By age 20, I was a commercial pilot, flight instructor, and about to join the Air Force!<br /><br />
  
  Over the next several years, during my time in the Air Force, I continued to gain more experience as both a pilot and pilot instructor, flying T-38s in San Antonio, TX and teaching at the Air Force Aero Club in Champs & Cubs in Okinawa, Japan. By age 24, I was co-piloting DC-3s.<br /><br />
  
  After leaving the Air Force, I continued to fly as a commercial airline pilot, and also served for five years as an instructor (Check Airman) for Continental Airlines on the MD-82. At age 60, after 36 years of airline flying and approximately 29,000 hours, I set the parking brake for the last time on a B-777-200 in Houston, TX, after flying over the Pacific Ocean from Narita airport near Tokyo, Japan.<br /><br />
  
  My career as a pilot has been a heck of a ride, but I\'m not ready to stop flying yet! As an instructor, I love having fun and sharing my experience and experiences, while emphasizing solid, fundamental airmanship. With a flexible and adaptive schedule I am available for in-flight instruction as well as assistance with ground school academics and test preparation. Come out to the Creswell airport ATA office and take a Discovery Flight with me!"
    image: images/Larry.jpg
    name: Larry Church
---

# Our Flight Instructors

<div class="container-fluid">
<div class="row row-cols-2 ">
<div class="col-3">
{{< image src="images/Jess.jpg" >}}
</div>
<div class="col-lg-6">
{{< accordion title="Jess Everson - CFII" >}}

{{< notice "note" >}}
- Work: 541-895-5984
- Cell: 541-513-1511
- Email: JessHEverson@gmail.com
{{< /notice >}}
{{< notice "note" >}}

- I took my first airplane ride in a sea plane when I was 8 years old, and from that moment on I was hooked. I earned my private pilot license in 1981, and continued my pilot education by adding instrument ratings and a commercial license. In 1989 I received my flight instructor license and have been enjoying my time in the air ever since.

- Many instructors view teaching as a way to quickly log hours and move on to another type of flying. As an instructor, I already have the job I want. Simply put, I love to teach. For this reason, I believe my students benefit from my thousands of hours spent teaching flying as a career.

- I have taught students as young as 11 and others as old as 80. Everyone has a unique learning style, and it is rewarding to me to match my instructional approach to that style. Whether you are learning to fly for a pleasure, business, or as a career, I will match our program to your goals.
{{< /notice >}}

{{< notice "note" >}}
**Credentials:**
- Certified Flight Instructor (CFI)
- Certified Flight Instructor – Instrument (CFII)
- Private Pilot Certificate
- Commercial Pilot Certificate
- Instrument Rating
- High Performance Endorsement
- Tailwheel Endorsement         
- D License Expert Skydiver, with 2,000+ Jumps
{{< /notice >}}
{{< /accordion >}}
</div>
</div>
<div class="row row-cols-2 ">
<div class="col-3">
{{< image src="images/Larry.jpg" >}}
</div>
<div class="col-lg-6">
{{< accordion title="Larry Church - CFI" >}}

{{< notice "note" >}}
- Work: 541-895-5984
- Cell: 541-514-2719
- Email: ljc02475@gmail.com
{{< /notice >}}
{{< notice "note" >}}
- My love of planes and flying began at age 7 when I would head out to my Grandma's pasture with rubber band-powered balsa airplanes... hoping to not land in the cow pies. From there, my love of planes blossomed and by the time I was 17 I was washing and gassing airplanes at the original McKenzie Flying Service in Springfield, OR (now a Walmart). By age 20, I was a commercial pilot, flight instructor, and about to join the Air Force!

- Over the next several years, during my time in the Air Force, I continued to gain more experience as both a pilot and pilot instructor, flying T-38s in San Antonio, TX and teaching at the Air Force Aero Club in Champs & Cubs in Okinawa, Japan. By age 24, I was co-piloting DC-3s.

- After leaving the Air Force, I continued to fly as a commercial airline pilot, and also served for five years as an instructor (Check Airman) for Continental Airlines on the MD-82. At age 60, after 36 years of airline flying and approximately 29,000 hours, I set the parking brake for the last time on a B-777-200 in Houston, TX, after flying over the Pacific Ocean from Narita airport near Tokyo, Japan. 

- My career as a pilot has been a heck of a ride, but I'm not ready to stop flying yet! As an instructor, I love having fun and sharing my experience and experiences, while emphasizing solid, fundamental airmanship. With a flexible and adaptive schedule I am available for in-flight instruction as well as assistance with ground school academics and test preparation. Come out to the Creswell airport ATA office and take a Discovery Flight with me!

- I have accrued over 29000 hours of flight time and have the following ratings or licenses:
{{< /notice >}}

{{< notice "note" >}}
**Credentials:**
    Certified Flight Instructor (CFI)
    Private Pilot Certificate
    Commercial Pilot Certificate (airplane single-engine land)
    Airline Transport Pilot Certificate (airplane multi-engine land – type B-777 and DC-9)
    Glider Aerotow
    Instrument Rating
    Tailwheel Endorsement*

*I specialize in tailwheel instruction!
{{< /notice >}}
{{< /accordion >}}
</div>
</div>
<div class="row row-cols-2 ">
<div class="col-3">
{{< image src="images/Paul.jpg" >}}
</div>
<div class="col-lg-6">
{{< accordion title="Paul Preziose - CFII, AGI" >}}

{{< notice "note" >}}
- Work: 541-895-5984
- Mobile: 541-912-0318
- Email: PWPreziose@aol.com

{{< /notice >}}
{{< notice "note" >}}
- Flying was something I always wanted to do. In 1992 I decided it was time to fulfill this lifelong dream, so in April of that same year I took my first flight lesson. By September I had received my private pilot license and I haven't looked back since! In 2000 I obtained my flight instructor license and began teaching full time in 2002.

- Learning to fly is an amazing and fun experience, but it takes time, money and a strong commitment to get your pilot license. For me though, every time I takeoff and climb over the Willamette Valley, I am extremely pleased that I made that decision to fly. It has been over 20 years and it is still something I look forward to doing every day.

- I have accrued over 3500 hours of flight time and have the following ratings or licenses:
{{< /notice >}}

{{< notice "note" >}}
**Credentials:**
    Certified Flight Instructor (CFI)
    Certified Flight Instructor – Instrument (CFII)
    Instrument Ground Instructor (IGI)
    Single-engine Sea Plane Private Pilot Certificate   
    Advanced Instrument Ground Instructor Certificate
    Airline Transport Pilot Certificate (airplane single-engine land)
    Instrument Rating
    Multi-engine Commercial Rating       
    Tailwheel Endorsement
{{< /notice >}}
{{< /accordion >}}
</div>
</div>
</div>
